README.md, before:

# To Do List

> This is a to do list to add and remove tasks for a person or people.


## Built With

- Html
- Css
- JavaScript

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites
- Html
- Css
- Javascript
- Git
- Github
- Webpack


### Install
1. Go to terminal and ```cd``` into the directory of your preference.
2.  Run ```git clone git@github.com:alphayowakarindi/to-do-list.git``` to clone the app.
3. ```npm install``` to install the dependencies for testing linters errors
4. Run ```npm start``` and the app will utomatically open in your default browser.


### Run tests
1. For HTML run ```npx hint .```
2. For CSS run ```npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"```
3. For Javascript ```npx eslint .```


## Authors

👤 **Alphayo Wakarindi**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/alphayowakarindi)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alphayo-wakarindi-15a825236/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions and feature requests are welcome!
Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/alphayowakarindi/My-Portfolio/issues).


## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Add guideline for testing with jest library

README.md, after:

# To Do List

> This is a to do list to add and remove tasks for a person or people.


## Built With

- Html
- Css
- JavaScript

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites
- Html
- Css
- Javascript
- Git
- Github
- Webpack


### Install
1. Go to terminal and ```cd``` into the directory of your preference.
2.  Run ```git clone git@github.com:alphayowakarindi/to-do-list.git``` to clone the app.
3. ```npm install``` to install the dependencies for testing linters errors
4. Run ```npm start``` and the app will utomatically open in your default browser.


### Run tests
1. For HTML run ```npx hint .```
2. For CSS run ```npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"```
3. For Javascript ```npx eslint .```
4. For unit test with jest library ```npm test```


## Authors

👤 **Alphayo Wakarindi**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/alphayowakarindi)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alphayo-wakarindi-15a825236/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions and feature requests are welcome!
Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/alphayowakarindi/My-Portfolio/issues).


## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
